January Ratification Polls (#2079)
makerdao/community: governance/polls/Ratification Poll for Core Unit Offboarding (COM-001) (MIP39c3-SP7) - January 09, 2023.md

---
title: Ratification Poll for Core Unit Offboarding (COM-001) (MIP39c3-SP7) - January 09, 2023
summary: This is an offboarding proposal for the GovComms Core Unit that includes both a golden parachute and retroactive MKR compensation.
discussion_link: https://forum.makerdao.com/t/mip39c3-sp7-core-unit-offboarding-com-001/19068
parameters:
    input_format:
        type: rank-free
        abstain: [0]
    victory_conditions:
        - {
            type: 'and',
            conditions: [
                { type : instant-runoff },
                { type : comparison, comparator : '>=', value: 10000 }
            ]
        }
        - {type : default, value : 3 }
    result_display: instant-runoff-breakdown
version: v2.0.0
options:

>    0: Abstain
>    1: 80% Multiplier - 156.098 Total MKR | 85,854 DAI Equivalent Value
>    2: 100% Multiplier - 195.122 Total MKR | 107,317.50 DAI Equivalent Value (CU-preferred)
>    3: 120% Multiplier - 234.147 Total MKR | 128,781 DAI Equivalent Value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   0: Abstain
   1: Approve Offboarding, 60,700 DAI Golden Parachute and 80% Multiplier for retroactive MKR - additional 85,854 DAI
   2: Approve Offboarding, 60,700 DAI Golden Parachute and 100% Multiplier for retroactive MKR - additional 107,317.50 DAI (CU-preferred)
   3: Approve Offboarding, 60,700 DAI Golden Parachute and 120% Multiplier for retroactive MKR  - additional 128,781 DAI Equivalent Value
   4. Reject Options
```
